Apache License 2.0 Rider


This Rider ("Rider") modifies the terms of the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License") for the limited purposes described below. This Rider applies to the
source code for the Elastic Universal Profiling Agent (the "Software"). This
Rider is subject to, and hereby incorporated into, the Apache License Version
2.0 ("Apache License").   Capitalized terms not defined in this Rider shall have
the meanings set forth in the Apache License.


1. Limited License Grant


The License granted to use the Software is strictly limited to members of the
OpenTelemetry Project ("Reviewers") solely for the purposes of evaluation of the
Software for adoption into an OpenTelemetry standard. Reviewers review and
access the Software solely as individuals on behalf of OpenTelemetry. Reviewers'
respective companies or organizations are not involved in the review. Reviewers
may not use the Software for any other purpose, personal or commercial. 


2. Restrictions


Reviewers shall not: (a) distribute, sell, or otherwise transfer the Software to
any third party; (b) provide the Software to third parties as a hosted or
managed service; (c) remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other
proprietary notices contained in the Software; or (d) use the Software for any
purpose other than as expressly permitted under the Apache License as modified
in this Rider.  This license is granted only to the Reviewers and no third party
is granted any license rights hereto. 


3. No Notice or Knowledge


Review of the Software by any Reviewer does not constitute "notice" or
"knowledge" for the Reviewer, the Reviewer's respective company or organization,
or for OpenTelemetry regarding any patent owned by Elastic.

4. Limited Time Period


The License, as modified by this Rider, is valid only until the earlier of: a)
sixty (60) calendar days from the receipt of the Software, or b) upon completion
of the Reviewer's evaluation of the Software. After this period, all rights to
use the Software under the License and this Rider shall terminate and Reviewers
shall promptly return or destroy all copies of the Software in their possession
or control.



By accessing or using the Software, any Reviewer consents to the terms and
conditions outlined in this Rider. If any conflict between terms of the License
and this Rider arise, the terms of this Rider control.
